# Majori
Majori is a novel which has been in the works for a few years now, but without much progress. November of 2018 was the year I decided to participate in NaNoWriMo (national novel writing month). Though I never got very close to the suggested 50 000 words, I did learn a lot about self motivation and how motivating others can help motivate you. The important lesion I learned from this is to not expect perfection as a beginner, and just now important a “bad” first draft really is.

### Introduction
Long ago, when the universe was still dust, there lived 5 dragons. They traveled through this empty space to find a place worthy of making a domain. After eons passed, stars, rocks and planets began to form, and a planet was agreed upon. The dragon Umydor created the oceans with one blow, and carved twisting rivers with a single tail flick. The dragon Soiknio molded forests into the earth, and filled the space with lush grasses. Crivijer populated the lands with many beast, both gentile and fierce, to fill the barren waters, land, and sky. Izori breathed fire into the cold land, creating  volcanos, and then went to the sky, and created the warm sun. finally, Majaen, looking over the land, gave a spark to its creatures. Giving them intelligence and will. The dragons looked over their creation and were pleased. Finished with their work, they settled in a large mountain where they would be undisturbed, and let there creations explore the new lands. 
A millennium passed, and the dragons between them had children. Umynio, kniocri, Crizor, Majori, and Jaendor. As they watched over the lands, a human one day approached. 
“yes, my child? Do you need something?” the dragons asked.
The human explained. “humans are the weakest of the creatures. We have no horns to fight, no wings to fly, no gills to breathe. We cannot climb very well, nor run very fast, so please, will you help us?”
The dragons felt pity for this creature and ever since, all humans born to this world have been given the gift of this magic. Those born in the month of a dragon would be given access to a small amount of its power, and those born on the days of their children were given access to a split amount of power of the parents. This is the story of our creation.

### Challenges

Trying to author a novel is a daunting task. It can be hard to have confidence in your skills while you are still developing them. Writing has been a skill which I neglected for many years, despite how much I loved creating stories and coming up with ideas. Now I know how important it is to commit to something and try to see it through until the very end.
